The general context for this application is to create, update, and interact with an autonomous agent. The model should be 1 agent - 1 session.
The navigation bar should be vertical. 
Since this whole autonomous agent application is a nested single module in a bigger application, the navigation bar of the autonomous agent app should be compact and not take too much space. 
Add a placeholder navigation bar to the left of the screen to mimic the navigation bar of the bigger application.

I expect you to have a full description and a rationale behind  every single elements in the UI. Strictly adhering to the following structure:
The first flow is to create an agent, with the following steps: 
1. Name it, choose a model.
2. Choose an agent personality (Or skip it)
3. Add skills/MCP (like hands/legs for the agent) (optional). If the user add the MCP, later the user needs to come back to the screen MCP management to add credentials. 
4. Add heartbeat (allow to add prompt for the agent what to do when wake up)
5. Add channel (optional - add Teams)
6. Start chatting.

The second flow is to create a new skill for an agent: 
1. There should be a screen displaying all the skills and MCPs
2. A button to create new skill
3. Then redirect the user to the chat with a prefix pre-typed /addnewskill on the typing box 
4. The agent then instructs the users to describe the skill

The third flow is to delete a skill/MCP:
1. Choose a skill from Skill & MCP management screen (so you need to create a screen to manage skill & MCP, maybe 2 screens) 
2. Delete 

The forth flow is to add MCP credentials:
1. Choose an MCP from Skill & MCP management screen
2. Click on Add Personal Token
3. There should be a tooltip, clicking on it should explain how to get the personal token for that MCP 

The fifth flow is to add/remove channel:
1. We only have Teams as additional channel, so just have a button to add Teams
2. Allow to remove teams as a channel 

The sixth flow is to chat with an agent:
1. it's a chatbox with the agent
2. allow user to navigate to agent configuration screen where user can manage MCP/Skill/jobs/channels

The last flow is to manage the jobs that the agent set:
1. Listing all the current job of the agents
2. Click on the job to see history of decision logs 
3. Click on the job to see the setting of the job
4. Allow to delete the job
5. Visual indicators for jobs failing




