1. Modify the Personality setting when creating an agent, make it optional empty system prompt. Highlight that it is optional. 
2. For the MCP and Skills management screen, list out some default skills and tag them as default skills. For example, scheduler tool is default for skill. Those built-in MCP/Skills do not need to be configured when creating an agent. Maybe show them in the step add Capabilities to demonstrate some hands/legs for the agent, but not allow user to remove them. Just to inform the user.
3. Remove the note about the skill Custom internal skills...... in the agent creation screen at step Add Capabilities
4. The step add heartbeat should be optional when creating an agent, the objective prompt on wake should also be optional. Indicate that clearly in the step. 
5. Right after initing the agent, a welcome message should display in the chat console, listing an instruction for user to add MCP token to start using MCP, some instructions for using the agent (like clicking on Skill tab to add/delete Skill), welcome user, and ask user what they want the agent to do. 
6. To add a new skill, need to change this flow to: the user should be able to add a new skill from the Skill tab in the agent management screen. The skill will be added as markdown, but the user only needs to type normal text, the system will convert to markdown. The user will type on a modal the skill description and the agent runtime underneath will convert the skill to markdown file, then create and load and use the skill based on the description. The modal to create skill should have title, description, and a text area for the user to type the skill description. The text area should suggest the user to have Overview/Context, Metadata/Stack, Triggers ("When to Use This Skill"), Workflow / Steps, Rules & Constraints.
7. Currently this version has not supported sharing skill yet, but will be. So put some text on the skill management module to indicate that. 
8. Allow to click on each skill to read the markdown skill file. 
9. On Channel tab, when user toggle on Teams as a channel, it should add a link redirect user to teams (like chat with agent on teams) and instruction for user to add prefix /agent-name to chat with the agent. 
10. On the active job tab, for each job, add a tab of execution history, which indicate a job finish running or running failed, do not add any CTA.
11. There will be MCP for database, which will require user to add credentials instead of personal token, so make another type of card in MCP for adding credentials for database MCP.